What does dad say?
Rui Er is also You Mingxuan's cousin
He doesn't care about brotherhood
Rui'er was so cruel
Rui'er's happiness for the rest of her life was ruined
I only have one son
I'm still looking forward to being a grandmother soon
Isn't this killing me? This Mingxue
How can you be so reckless?
I'm really pissed off.
The reason why he became like this
It must be his wife's influence on him
This woman is not only incompetent
And he is also the Taoist father with a snake and scorpion heart
First confuse You Mingxuan and his flash marriage
It tempted our family again
This provoked the conflict between their brothers
Yes, grandpa is he?
He's obsessed with that woman now
What is he asking Ming Xuan to do now?
What will Ming Xuan do?
If this woman becomes us, especially
The head of the family pays attention
Then isn't our Youjia doomed?
If he had listened to his grandfather
Marry grandpa
Then what happened today?
I'm really pissed off.
Ah grandpa